Add missing breaking change (#2247)
fastify/fastify: docs/Migration-Guide-V3.md

});
```

### Manage uncaught exception ([#2073](https://github.com/fastify/fastify/pull/2073))

> In sync route handler if an error was thrown the server crashed by design withut calling the `.setErrorHandler()` configured. This has changed and now all unexpected error in sync and async routes are managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In sync route handlers, if an error was thrown the server crashed by design without calling the configured `.setErrorHandler()`. This has changed and now all unexpected errors in sync and async routes are managed.
```
